I so love the act of improving what I'm
capable of whether mentally or
physically like I love that act the way
that some people like to smoke a joint
like my thing is that that moment where
I'm like whoa I can lift the weight I
couldn't lift before I can read faster
than I used to be able to read I know
more about neuroscience than I used to
know I'm able to this was really
powerful in my life I'm able to shorten
the amount of time that I spend and reor
sad or whatever because I understand
brain chemistry and I can begin to take
control of my own brain chemistry like
all of those things like they make me
feel good about myself
and they allow me to navigate my life in
a more effective way meaning it takes me
to to my goals faster